I asked you to be a secretary to Lingfan
Who can let you spy on him?
How dare you let me go?
What does Fan Shao and I have to do with you?
You are
What the hell are your qualifications?
Lin Chusheng, don't be too funny
The pearl of the Wu family
Or are you making trouble?
Baby I can't get married
That's the marriage the family needs
In my heart
Only you.
I'm afraid that's going to disappoint you.
I am an ordinary woman now
Lin Fan is a fucking trash
I'll kick him out sooner or later
You want to talk to him?
Fan Shao is much better than you
At least he
The woman who won't use her childhood sweetheart
Go c
Ah!
Ah let me go
I keep you for the first time
I didn't expect it to be cheaper, Lin Fan's kid
So am I a woman playing with him now?
Isn't that more exciting?
You remember it for me.
This is my woman
Don't you dare do it again?
I will kill you
Wait for me.
You wait for me.
Make him kneel on the microphone of this palm
There must be good news